infrastructure/readme.md, before:

## Creating Federated Credentials 

You can create a Federated Credential into Azure, so the GitHub runners can log into your Azure subscription and deploy resources. The Federated Credential helps to remove the need to use secrets. You won't need to swap app registration secrets around when they expire.

### Federated Credential Execution
You will need the following to execute this:
 - The Application Id (Client Id) of an Entra Application Registration to use for deployment.
 - The owner's name of your GH repository
 - The name of your repo "projecta.web", not "https://my-gh-handle/projecta.web/"
 - The branch name you want to pull from.

First create and save this JSON information into a .json file to reference.
```json
{
  "name": "github-actions",
  "issuer": "https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com",
  "subject": "repo:<owner>/<repo>:ref:refs/heads/<branch>>",
  "description": "OIDC for GitHub Actions",
  "audiences": ["api://AzureADTokenExchange"]
}
```

Then execute this command to build the Federated Credential in your Azure subscription.
```Azure CLI
az ad app federated-credential create --id <appId> --parameters @federated-credential-function.json
```

After that step is complete, you need to create three GitHub Actions secrets, which you will reference in your workflow yml.
1. AZURE_CLIENT_ID
2. AZURE_TENANT_ID
3. AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID

Finally, when you create the workflow action, the Azure login step will need to have the following in the beginning of the workflow file to allow OIDC login
```
# Required for OIDC authentication
permissions:
  id-token: write
  contents: read
```

Then when you are ready to login to Azure, this would be the step you use.
```
- name: Azure Login (OIDC)
  uses: azure/login@v2
  with:
      client-id: ${{ secrets.AZURE_CLIENT_ID }}
      tenant-id: ${{ secrets.AZURE_TENANT_ID }}
      subscription-id: ${{ secrets.AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID }}
```

Commit message:

Enhance Azure setup instructions in readme
Added instructions for creating GitHub Actions secrets and granting Azure permissions for OIDC login.

infrastructure/readme.md, after:

## Creating Federated Credentials 

You can create a Federated Credential into Azure, so the GitHub runners can log into your Azure subscription and deploy resources. The Federated Credential helps to remove the need to use secrets. You won't need to swap app registration secrets around when they expire.

### Federated Credential Execution
You will need the following to execute this:
 - The Application Id (Client Id) of an Entra Application Registration to use for deployment.
 - The owner's name of your GH repository
 - The name of your repo "projecta.web", not "https://my-gh-handle/projecta.web/"
 - The branch name you want to pull from.

First create and save this JSON information into a .json file to reference.
```json
{
  "name": "github-actions",
  "issuer": "https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com",
  "subject": "repo:<owner>/<repo>:ref:refs/heads/<branch>>",
  "description": "OIDC for GitHub Actions",
  "audiences": ["api://AzureADTokenExchange"]
}
```

Then execute this command to build the Federated Credential in your Azure subscription.
```Azure CLI
az ad app federated-credential create --id <appId> --parameters @federated-credential-function.json
```

After that step is complete, you need to create three GitHub Actions secrets, which you will reference in your workflow yml. When creating these secrets, include the associated values from your Azure subscription.
1. AZURE_CLIENT_ID
2. AZURE_TENANT_ID
3. AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID

Then you need to be sure the application registration has appropriate Azure contributor rights to the services GitHub will deploy into from your yml. Use this command to grant permissions to the associated services. 
- appObjectId would be the application identifier of the Azure service
- your-sub-id would be the subscription id.
```
az role assignment create \
  --assignee-object-id <appObjectId> \
  --assignee-principal-type Application \
  --role Contributor \
  --scope /subscriptions/<your-sub-id>
```

Finally, when you create the workflow action, the Azure login step will need to have the following in the beginning of the workflow file to allow OIDC login
```
# Required for OIDC authentication
permissions:
  id-token: write
  contents: read
```

Then when you are ready to login to Azure, this would be the step you use.
```
- name: Azure Login (OIDC)
  uses: azure/login@v2
  with:
      client-id: ${{ secrets.AZURE_CLIENT_ID }}
      tenant-id: ${{ secrets.AZURE_TENANT_ID }}
      subscription-id: ${{ secrets.AZURE_SUBSCRIPTION_ID }}
```
